---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "baiducloud_bec_vm_instances Data Source - terraform-provider-baiducloud"
subcategory: "Baidu Edge Computing (BEC)"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query BEC VM instance list.
---

# baiducloud_bec_vm_instances (Data Source)

Use this data source to query BEC VM instance list.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "baiducloud_bec_vm_instances" "example" {

  keyword_type = "instanceId"
  keyword = "vm-65cz3sw123z2"

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `keyword` (String) Filter keyword.
- `keyword_type` (String) Filter type. Valid values: `instanceId`, `serviceId`, `instanceName`, `instanceIp`, `securityGroupId`, `deploysetId`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `vm_instances` (List of Object) Filtered VM instance list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vm_instances))

<a id="nestedatt--vm_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vm_instances`

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Number) Public network bandwidth size (Mbps).
- `cpu` (Number) CPU core count of the vm instance.
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the vm instance.
- `data_volume` (List of Object) Data volume config of the vm instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--vm_instances--data_volume))
- `dns_config` (List of Object) DNS config of the vm instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--vm_instances--dns_config))
- `host_name` (String) Host name of the vm instance.
- `image_id` (String) ID of the image.
- `image_type` (String) Possible values: `bec`(public image or bec custom image), `bcc`(bcc custom image)
- `internal_ip` (String) Local network IPv4 address of the vm instance.
- `ipv6_public_ip` (String) Public network IPv6 address of the vm instance.
- `memory` (Number) Memory size (GB) of the vm instance.
- `need_ipv6_public_ip` (Boolean) Whether IPv6 public network is enabled.
- `need_public_ip` (Boolean) Whether public network is enabled.
- `public_ip` (String) Public network IPv4 address of the vm instance.
- `region_id` (String) Node ID.
- `service_id` (String) ID of the vm instance group.
- `spec` (String) Specification family of the vm instance.
- `status` (String) Status of the vm instance. Possible values: `CREATING`, `RUNNING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `RESTARTING`, `REINSTALLING`, `STARTING`, `IMAGING`, `FAILED`, `UNKNOWN`
- `system_volume` (List of Object) System volume config of the vm instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--vm_instances--system_volume))
- `vm_id` (String) ID of the vm instance.
- `vm_name` (String) Name of the vm instance.

<a id="nestedobjatt--vm_instances--data_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vm_instances.data_volume`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the disk.
- `pvc_name` (String) PVC name of the disk.
- `size_in_gb` (Number) Size (GB) of the disk.
- `volume_type` (String) Type of the disk. Possible values: `NVME`(SSD), `SATA`(HDD).


<a id="nestedobjatt--vm_instances--dns_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vm_instances.dns_config`

Read-Only:

- `dns_address` (List of String) Custom DNS address.
- `dns_type` (String) DNS type. Valid values: `NONE`(no dns config), `DEFAULT`(114.114.114.114 for domestic nodes, 8.8.8.8 for overseas nodes), `LOCAL`(local dns of node), `CUSTOMIZE`.


<a id="nestedobjatt--vm_instances--system_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vm_instances.system_volume`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the disk.
- `pvc_name` (String) PVC name of the disk.
- `size_in_gb` (Number) Size (GB) of the disk.
- `volume_type` (String) Type of the disk. Possible values: `NVME`(SSD), `SATA`(HDD).


