---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "baiducloud_hpas_instances Data Source - terraform-provider-baiducloud"
subcategory: "High Performance Application Service (HPAS)"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query HPAS instance list.
---

# baiducloud_hpas_instances (Data Source)

Use this data source to query HPAS instance list.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "baiducloud_hpas_instances" "example" {

  name        = "instance"
  hpas_status = "Active"
  app_type    = "llama2_7B_train"

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `app_type` (String) Application type. e.g., `llama2_7B_train`.
- `hpas_ids` (Set of String) List of instance IDs.
- `hpas_status` (String) Status of the instance. Valid values: `Creating`, `Active`, `Expired`, `Error`, `Stopping`, `Starting`, `Stopped`, `Reboot`, `Rebuild`, `Password`, `ChangeVpc`, `ChangeSubnet`, `Template`.
- `name` (String) Name of the instance.
- `zone_name` (String) Zone information, e.g., `cn-bj-a`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_list` (List of Object) Instance list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_list))

<a id="nestedatt--instance_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_list`

Read-Only:

- `app_performance_level` (String) Performance level of the application.
- `app_type` (String) Application type.
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the instance.
- `ehc_cluster_id` (String) EHC cluster ID.
- `ehc_cluster_name` (String) Name of the EHC cluster.
- `hpas_id` (String) ID of the instance.
- `image_id` (String) Image ID used for the application.
- `image_name` (String) Name of the image.
- `internal_ip` (String) Internal IP addresses.
- `name` (String) Name of the instance.
- `payment_timing` (String) Payment timing of billing. Possible values: `Prepaid`, `Postpaid`.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) List of security group IDs
- `security_group_type` (String) Security group type. Possible values: `normal`, `enterprise`.
- `status` (String) Status of the instance. Possible values: `Creating`, `Active`, `Expired`, `Error`, `Stopping`, `Starting`, `Stopped`, `Reboot`, `Rebuild`, `Password`, `ChangeVpc`, `ChangeSubnet`, `Template`.
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID.
- `subnet_name` (String) Name of the subnet.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags of the resource.
- `vpc_cidr` (String) CIDR block of the VPC.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID.
- `vpc_name` (String) Name of the VPC.
- `zone_name` (String) Zone information.
