---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "baiducloud_hpas_reserved_instances Data Source - terraform-provider-baiducloud"
subcategory: "High Performance Application Service (HPAS)"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query HPAS reserved instance list.
---

# baiducloud_hpas_reserved_instances (Data Source)

Use this data source to query HPAS reserved instance list.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "baiducloud_hpas_reserved_instances" "example" {
  zone_name = "cn-bj-a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `app_type` (String) Application type to filter by. e.g., `llama2_7B_train`.
- `hpas_id` (String) Filter by the ID of the HPAS instance deducted in the previous billing period.
- `name` (String) Name of the reserved instance to filter by.
- `reserved_hpas_ids` (Set of String) List of reserved instance IDs to filter by.
- `reserved_hpas_status` (String) Status to filter by. Valid values: `Creating`, `Active`, `Pending`, `Expired`, `Recharge`, `Deleted`.
- `zone_name` (String) Zone information to filter by, e.g., `cn-bj-a`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `reserved_instance_list` (List of Object) List of reserved instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reserved_instance_list))

<a id="nestedatt--reserved_instance_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reserved_instance_list`

Read-Only:

- `app_performance_level` (String) Performance level of the application.
- `app_type` (String) Application type.
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the reserved instance.
- `deduct_instance` (Boolean) Whether there is a deducting instance.
- `ehc_cluster_id` (String) EHC cluster ID.
- `ehc_cluster_name` (String) Name of the EHC cluster.
- `expire_time` (String) Expiration time of the reserved instance.
- `hpas_id` (String) ID of the HPAS instance deducted in the previous billing period.
- `hpas_name` (String) Name of the HPAS instance deducted in the previous billing period.
- `name` (String) Name of the reserved instance.
- `payment_timing` (String) Payment timing of billing.
- `period` (Number) Reservation period in months.
- `reserved_hpas_id` (String) ID of the reserved instance.
- `status` (String) Status of the reserved instance. Possible values: `Creating`, `Active`, `Pending`, `Expired`, `Recharge`, `Deleted`.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags of the resource.
- `zone_name` (String) Zone information.
