---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "baiducloud_mongodb_instances Data Source - terraform-provider-baiducloud"
subcategory: "DocDB for MongoDB"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query MongoDB instance list.
---

# baiducloud_mongodb_instances (Data Source)

Use this data source to query MongoDB instance list.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "baiducloud_mongodb_instances" "example" {

  type = "sharding"
  engine_version = "3.6"
  storage_engine = "WiredTiger"

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `engine_version` (String) Database version of the instance. Valid values: `3.4`, `3.6`.
- `storage_engine` (String) Storage engine of the instance. Valid values: `WiredTiger`.
- `type` (String) Type of the instance. Valid values: `replica`, `sharding`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_list` (Block List) Instance list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--instance_list))

<a id="nestedatt--instance_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_list`

Read-Only:

- `connection_string` (String) Connection address of the instance.
- `cpu_count` (Number) CPU core count of the instance.
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the instance.
- `engine_version` (String) Database version of the instance. Possible values: `3.4`, `3.6`.
- `instance_id` (String) ID of the instance.
- `memory_capacity` (Number) Memory size (GB) of the instance.
- `mongos_count` (Number) Number of mongos nodes in the sharding instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the instance.
- `payment_timing` (String) Payment timing of billing. Possible values: `Prepaid`, `Postpaid`.
- `port` (String) Connection port of the instance.
- `readonly_node_num` (Number) Number of readonly nodes in the instance. Possible values: `0`~`5`.
- `shard_count` (Number) Number of shard nodes in the sharding instance.
- `status` (String) Status of the instance. Possible values: `CREATING`, `RUNNING`, `STOPPING`, `EXPIRED`, `RESTARTING`, `STARTING`, `CLASS_CHANGING`, `NODE_RESTARTING`, `NODE_CREATING`, `NODE_CLASS_CHANGING`.
- `storage` (Number) Storage size (GB) of the instance.
- `storage_engine` (String) Storage engine of the instance. Possible values: `WiredTiger`.
- `subnets` (Block List) Subnets of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--instance_list--subnets))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags of the resource.
- `type` (String) Type of the instance. Possible values: `replica`, `sharding`.
- `voting_member_num` (Number) Number of voting nodes in the instance. Possible values: `1`~`3`.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID of the resource.

<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_list--subnets"></a>
### Nested Schema for ``

Read-Only:

- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet.
- `zone_name` (String) Zone name of the subnet.
