---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "baiducloud_bec_vm_instance Resource - terraform-provider-baiducloud"
subcategory: "Baidu Edge Computing (BEC)"
description: |-
  Use this resource to manage BEC VM Instance.
  More information can be found in the Developer Guide https://cloud.baidu.com/doc/BEC/s/jknpo0evo.
---

# baiducloud_bec_vm_instance (Resource)

Use this resource to manage BEC VM Instance. 

More information can be found in the [Developer Guide](https://cloud.baidu.com/doc/BEC/s/jknpo0evo).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "baiducloud_bec_vm_instance" "example" {

    service_id = "s-jw3y1234"
    vm_name = "vm_name_example"
    host_name = "host-name_example"
    region_id = "cn-maanshan-ct"

    cpu = 4
    memory = 8
    image_type = "bcc"
    image_id = "m-sqj56gCj"

    system_volume {
        name = "system_volume"
        size_in_gb = 40
        volume_type = "NVME"
    }
    data_volume {
        name = "data_volume1"
        size_in_gb = 20
        volume_type = "SATA"
    }

    need_public_ip = true
    need_ipv6_public_ip = true
    bandwidth = 10

    dns_config {
        dns_type = "DEFAULT"
    }

    key_config {
        type = "bccKeyPair"
        bcc_key_pair_id_list = ["k-cTaMVJcD", "k-9QQp6luE"]
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cpu` (Number) CPU core count of the vm instance. At least 1 core.
- `dns_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) DNS config of the vm instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dns_config))
- `image_id` (String) ID of the image.
- `key_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Password or keypair config of the vm instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--key_config))
- `memory` (Number) Memory size (GB) of the vm instance. At least 1 GB.
- `region_id` (String) Node ID, composed of lowercase letters of [`country`-`city`-`isp`]. Can be obtained through data source `baiducloud_bec_nodes`.
- `service_id` (String) ID of the vm instance group.
- `system_volume` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) System volume config of the vm instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--system_volume))

### Optional

- `auto_renew` (Block List, Max: 1) Automatic renewal cycle: the system will automatically deduct and renew the resource 7/3/1/0 days before the resource expires. If the balance is insufficient during the automatic deduction, it will be postponed to the next scheduled deduction. The deduction period is equal to the automatic renewal cycle.If it is not transmitted, it will not be automatically renewed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auto_renew))
- `bandwidth` (Number) Public network bandwidth size (Mbps).
- `data_volume` (Block List) Data volume config of the vm instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_volume))
- `host_name` (String) Host name of the vm instance. If empty, system will assign one.
- `image_type` (String) Valid values: `bec`(public image or bec custom image), `bcc`(bcc custom image)
- `need_ipv6_public_ip` (Boolean) Whether to open IPv6 public network. Defaults to `false`.
- `need_public_ip` (Boolean) Whether to open public network. Defaults to `false`.
- `network_config` (Block List) Network config of the vm instance. If not set, system will use default network config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_config))
- `network_type` (String) Network type of the instance. Valid values: `vpc`, `classic`. Default is `vpc`.
- `payment_method` (String) Payment method of the vm instance. Valid values: `prepay`, `postpay`.
- `reservation` (Block List, Max: 1) Reservation config of the vm instance. Prepaid plan purchase duration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--reservation))
- `spec` (String) Specification family.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet.
- `vm_name` (String) Name of the vm instance. If empty, system will assign one.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the vpc.

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the vm instance.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `internal_ip` (String) Local network IPv4 address of the vm instance.
- `ipv6_public_ip` (String) Public network IPv6 address of the vm instance.
- `public_ip` (String) Public network IPv4 address of the vm instance.
- `status` (String) Status of the vm instance. Possible values: `CREATING`, `RUNNING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `RESTARTING`, `REINSTALLING`, `STARTING`, `IMAGING`, `FAILED`, `UNKNOWN`

<a id="nestedblock--dns_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_config`

Required:

- `dns_type` (String) DNS type. Valid values: `NONE`(no DNS config), `DEFAULT`(114.114.114.114 for domestic nodes, 8.8.8.8 for overseas nodes), `LOCAL`(local dns of node), `CUSTOMIZE`

Optional:

- `dns_address` (List of String) Custom DNS address.


<a id="nestedblock--key_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_config`

Required:

- `type` (String) Valid values: `bccKeyPair`, `password`

Optional:

- `admin_pass` (String, Sensitive) Length of the password is limited to 8 to 32 characters. Letters, numbers and symbols must exist at the same time, and the symbols are limited to `!@#$%^+*()`
- `bcc_key_pair_id_list` (List of String) Key pair ID list.


<a id="nestedblock--system_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `system_volume`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the disk.
- `size_in_gb` (Number) Size (GB) of the disk.
- `volume_type` (String) Type of the disk. Valid values: `NVME`(SSD), `SATA`(HDD).

Read-Only:

- `pvc_name` (String) PVC name of the disk.


<a id="nestedblock--auto_renew"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_renew`

Required:

- `length` (Number) AutoRenew length.
- `time_unit` (String) AutoRenew time unit. Valid values: `month`, `year`


<a id="nestedblock--data_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_volume`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the disk.
- `size_in_gb` (Number) Size (GB) of the disk.
- `volume_type` (String) Type of the disk. Valid values: `NVME`(SSD), `SATA`(HDD).

Read-Only:

- `pvc_name` (String) PVC name of the disk.


<a id="nestedblock--network_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_config`

Optional:

- `networks` (Block List) Network card information, including Networks;Used to set the corresponding network card name.Note: The classic network order is fixed as inside+outside and cannot be customized; VPC network can customize the order of network cards (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_config--networks))
- `node_type` (String) Node type,  Valid values: `SINGLE` (single network) , `TRIPLE` (triple network). SINGLE, TRIPLE, representing single line and triple line nodes respectively

<a id="nestedblock--network_config--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_config.networks`

Optional:

- `net_name` (String) Network name. Network card name, the names of internal and external network cards cannot be duplicated; Supports uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, "- _", must start with a letter, and have a length of 3-16 characters.
- `net_type` (String) Network type. Network card type (INTERNAL_IP represents internal network; Single line nodes use PULIC_SP to represent single line public network cards; Three line nodes are represented by TRIPLE_CT, TRIPLE-UN, and TRIPLE_CM respectively for telecommunications, China Unicom, and China Mobile on the three line public network



<a id="nestedblock--reservation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reservation`

Required:

- `length` (Number) Reservation length.
- `time_unit` (String) Reservation time unit. Valid values: `month`, `year`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import baiducloud_bec_vm_instance.example vm-abs1sd13
```
