---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "baiducloud_cdn_domain_config_advanced Resource - terraform-provider-baiducloud"
subcategory: "CDN"
description: |-
  Use this resource to manage Advanced configuration of the acceleration domain.
  More information can be found in the Developer Guide https://cloud.baidu.com/doc/CDN/s/Jjxzil1sd.
  ~> NOTE: Creating a resource will overwrite current Advanced configuration. Deleting a resource won't change current configuration.
---

# baiducloud_cdn_domain_config_advanced (Resource)

Use this resource to manage Advanced configuration of the acceleration domain. 

More information can be found in the [Developer Guide](https://cloud.baidu.com/doc/CDN/s/Jjxzil1sd). 

~> **NOTE:** Creating a resource will overwrite current Advanced configuration. Deleting a resource won't change current configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "baiducloud_cdn_domain_config_advanced" "example" {
  domain = "example.domain.com"

  ipv6_dispatch {
    enable = true
  }

  http_header {
    type     = "response"
    header   = "Cache-Control"
    value    = "allowFull"
    action   = "add"
    describe = "Specifies the caching mechanism."
  }
  http_header {
    type     = "origin"
    header   = "Cache-Control"
    action   = "remove"
    describe = "Specifies the caching mechanism."
  }

  media_drag {
    mp4 {
      file_suffix = ["mp4"]
      start_arg_name = "abcd"
      end_arg_name = "1234"
      drag_mode = "second"
    }
    flv {
      file_suffix = ["flv"]
      drag_mode = "byteAV"
    }
  }

  seo_switch {
    directly_origin = "ON"
  }

  file_trim = true

  compress {
    allow = true
    type = "all"
  }

  quic = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) Name of the acceleration domain.

### Optional

- `compress` (Block List, Max: 1) Page compression configuration of the acceleration domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--compress))
- `file_trim` (Boolean) Whether page optimization is enabled. Defaults to `false`.
- `http_header` (Block Set) Http header configuration of the acceleration domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_header))
- `ipv6_dispatch` (Block List, Max: 1) IPv6 configuration of the acceleration domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ipv6_dispatch))
- `media_drag` (Block List, Max: 1) Video dragging configuration of the acceleration domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--media_drag))
- `quic` (Boolean) Whether QUIC protocol is enabled. Defaults to `false`.
- `seo_switch` (Block List, Max: 1) SEO optimization configuration of the acceleration domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--seo_switch))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--compress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compress`

Optional:

- `allow` (Boolean) Whether page compression is enabled. Defaults to `false`.
- `type` (String) Compression type. Defaults to `gzip`. Other valid values: `br`, `all`(br + gzip)


<a id="nestedblock--http_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_header`

Required:

- `action` (String) Indicates whether to delete or add the header. Valid values: `add`, `remove`
- `header` (String) Http header field. Can be a standard Header of HTTP, or a user-defined one, such as `x-bce-authorization`.
- `type` (String) Header type. Valid values: `origin`(forwards to origin), `response`(responds to the user).

Optional:

- `describe` (String) Description. Length cannot exceed 100 characters.
- `value` (String) Value of the header field. A limited number of variables are supported.


<a id="nestedblock--ipv6_dispatch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv6_dispatch`

Optional:

- `enable` (Boolean) Whether supporting for accessing cdn via ipv6 is enabled. Defaults to `false`.


<a id="nestedblock--media_drag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `media_drag`

Optional:

- `flv` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of pseudo-streaming in flv type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--media_drag--flv))
- `mp4` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of pseudo-streaming in mp4 type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--media_drag--mp4))

<a id="nestedblock--media_drag--flv"></a>
### Nested Schema for `media_drag.flv`

Required:

- `drag_mode` (String) Drag in seconds for mp4 type or in bytes for flv type. Valid value for mp4: `second`. Valid value for flv: `byteAV`, `byte`.

Optional:

- `end_arg_name` (String) Name of the start parameter. Defaults to `end`. Cannot be the same as `start_arg_name`.
- `file_suffix` (Set of String) Video file extensions. For example, mp4 type may use [`mp4`, `m4v`, `m4a`], flv type may use `flv`.
- `start_arg_name` (String) Name of the start parameter. Defaults to `start`. Cannot be the same as `end_arg_name`.


<a id="nestedblock--media_drag--mp4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `media_drag.mp4`

Required:

- `drag_mode` (String) Drag in seconds for mp4 type or in bytes for flv type. Valid value for mp4: `second`. Valid value for flv: `byteAV`, `byte`.

Optional:

- `end_arg_name` (String) Name of the start parameter. Defaults to `end`. Cannot be the same as `start_arg_name`.
- `file_suffix` (Set of String) Video file extensions. For example, mp4 type may use [`mp4`, `m4v`, `m4a`], flv type may use `flv`.
- `start_arg_name` (String) Name of the start parameter. Defaults to `start`. Cannot be the same as `end_arg_name`.



<a id="nestedblock--seo_switch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `seo_switch`

Optional:

- `directly_origin` (String) Whether SEO optimization is enabled. Defaults to `OFF`. Other valid value: `ON`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import baiducloud_cdn_domain_config_advanced.example example1.domain.com
```
