---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "baiducloud_eipgroup Resource - terraform-provider-baiducloud"
subcategory: "Elastic IP (EIP)"
description: |-
  Use this resource to manage an EIP Group.
  More information can be found in the Developer Guide https://cloud.baidu.com/doc/EIP/s/ijwvz2zq8.
---

# baiducloud_eipgroup (Resource)

Use this resource to manage an EIP Group.

More information can be found in the [Developer Guide](https://cloud.baidu.com/doc/EIP/s/ijwvz2zq8).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "baiducloud_eipgroup" "example" {

  name               = "example-group"
  route_type         = "BGP"
  eip_count          = 2
  eipv6_count        = 2
  bandwidth_in_mbps  = 20
  payment_timing     = "Prepaid"
  billing_method     = "ByBandwidth"
  reservation_length = 1
  tags = {
    key1 = "value1"
    key2 = "value2"
  }

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bandwidth_in_mbps` (Number) Total bandwidth in Mbps. Standard BGP supports 20–500, enhanced BGP supports 100–5000.
- `billing_method` (String) The billing method for the EIP. Valid values: `ByTraffic`, `ByBandwidth`, `ByPeak95`.

### Optional

- `continuous` (Boolean, Deprecated) This field is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
- `eip_count` (Number) Number of IPv4 EIPs in the EIP Group.
- `eipv6_count` (Number) Number of IPv6 EIPs in the EIP Group.
- `idc` (String) The Single Line ID to be used by the EIP Group.
- `name` (String) The name of the EIP Group. 1–65 characters. Must start with a letter and may contain letters, digits, hyphens, underscores, dots, or slashes. Auto-generated if not set.
- `payment_timing` (String) Payment timing of billing. Valid values: `Prepaid`, `Postpaid`. Defaults to `Postpaid`.
- `reservation_length` (Number) The reservation length (month) will pay. Effective when `payment_timing` is `Prepaid`. Valid values: `1`~`9`, `12`, `24`, `36`. Defaults to `1`.
- `reservation_time_unit` (String) Time unit for billing. Effective when `payment_timing` is `Prepaid`. Valid value: `month`. Defaults to `month`.
- `route_type` (String) BGP line type. Valid values: `BGP` (standard BGP), `BGP_S` (enhanced BGP). Defaults to `BGP`.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags, do not support modify
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `bw_bandwidth_in_mbps` (Number) The bandwidth of the associated bandwidth package, in Mbps.
- `bw_short_id` (String) The ID of the associated bandwidth package.
- `create_time` (String) The creation time of the EIP Group.
- `default_domestic_bandwidth` (Number) The default bandwidth for cross-border acceleration, in Mbps.
- `domestic_bw_bandwidth_in_mbps` (Number) The bandwidth of the cross-border acceleration package, in Mbps.
- `domestic_bw_short_id` (String) The ID of the associated cross-border acceleration package.
- `eips` (Block List) A list of IPv4 EIP instances attached to the EIP Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--eips))
- `eipv6s` (Block List) A list of IPv6 EIP instances attached to the EIP Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--eips))
- `expire_time` (String) The expiration time of the EIP Group. Only available for prepaid resources.
- `group_id` (String, Deprecated) This field is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Please use `id` instead.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `region` (String) The region of the EIP Group
- `status` (String) The status of the EIP Group. Possible values: `creating`, `available`, `binded`, `binding`, `unbinding`, `updating`, `paused`, `unavailable`.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) Timeout for creating the EIP Group. Defaults to 10 minutes.
- `delete` (String) Timeout for deleting the EIP Group. Defaults to 20 minutes.
- `update` (String) Timeout for updating the EIP Group. Defaults to 10 minutes.

<a id="nestedblock--eips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `eips` and `eipv6s`

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth_in_mbps` (Number) The public bandwidth of the EIP, in Mbps.
- `billing_method` (String) The billing method. Possible values: `ByTraffic`, `ByBandwidth`.
- `create_time` (String) The creation time of the EIP.
- `eip` (String) The IP address of the EIP.
- `eip_id` (String) The ID of EIP.
- `eip_instance_type` (String) The type of EIP. Possible values: `normal`(regular), `shared`(in an EIP Group).
- `expire_time` (String) The expiration time of the EIP. Available only for prepaid resources.
- `instance_id` (String) The ID of the resource the EIP is attached to. Empty if the EIP is not bound.
- `instance_type` (String) The type of the resource the EIP is attached to. Empty if the EIP is not bound.
- `name` (String) The name of the EIP.
- `payment_timing` (String) Payment timing of billing. Possible values: `Prepaid`, `Postpaid`.
- `share_group_id` (String) The ID of the EIP Group the EIP is part of. Empty if the EIP is not associated with a EIP Group.
- `status` (String) The status of the EIP. Possible values: `creating`, `available`, `binded`, `binding`, `unbinding`, `updating`, `paused`, `unavailable`.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags of the resource.


## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import baiducloud_eipgroup.example eg-example
```
