---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "baiducloud_hpas_instance Resource - terraform-provider-baiducloud"
subcategory: "High Performance Application Service (HPAS)"
description: |-
  Use this resource to manage HPAS Instance.
---

# baiducloud_hpas_instance (Resource)

Use this resource to manage HPAS Instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "baiducloud_hpas_instance" "example" {

  payment_timing        = "Postpaid"
  app_type              = "llama2_7B_train"
  app_performance_level = "10k"
  name                  = "example-instance"
  application_name      = "example-application"
  zone_name             = "cn-bj-a"
  image_id              = "m-example"
  internal_ip           = "192.168.1.100"
  subnet_id             = "sbn-example"
  password              = "1234@password"
  security_group_ids = ["g-example"]
  tags = {
    key1 = "value1"
    key2 = "value2"
  }

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_performance_level` (String) Performance level of the application. e.g., `10k`.
- `app_type` (String) Application type. e.g., `llama2_7B_train`.
- `image_id` (String) Image ID used for the application. Changing this value triggers a reinstallation of the OS.
- `name` (String) Name of the instance.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) List of security group IDs, must be in the same VPC as the subnet
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID. Changing this value triggers a restart of the instance.
- `zone_name` (String) Zone information, e.g., `cn-bj-a`.

### Optional

- `application_name` (String) Name of the application.
- `auto_renew_period` (Number) The automatic renewal time (month). Effective when `payment_timing` is `Prepaid`. Valid values: `1`~`9`, `12`, `24`, `36`. Defaults to `1`.
- `auto_renew_period_unit` (String) Auto renew time unit, currently only supports monthly.
- `auto_seq_suffix` (Boolean) Whether to automatically append a suffix to the application name. Defaults to `false`.
- `ehc_cluster_id` (String) EHC cluster ID. If not specified, the system will automatically select default EHC cluster.
- `internal_ip` (String) Internal IP addresses. Must match the CIDR block of the specified subnet. Changing this value triggers a restart of the instance.
- `keypair_id` (String) The ID of the keypair to bind to the instance.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the instance. This value should be 8-16 characters, and letters, numbers and symbols must exist at the same time. The symbols is limited to `!@#$%^*()`. Changing this value triggers a restart of the instance.
- `payment_timing` (String) Payment timing of billing. Valid values: `Prepaid`, `Postpaid`. Defaults to `Postpaid`.
- `period` (Number) The reservation length (month) will pay. Effective when `payment_timing` is `Prepaid`. Valid values: `1`~`9`, `12`, `24`, `36`. Defaults to `1`.
- `root_disk_size_in_gb` (Number) System disk size in GiB. Range 40–2048 GiB and must meet the image minimum.
- `root_disk_storage_type` (String) System disk storage type when using CDS root disks. Valid values: `enhanced_ssd_pl3`, `enhanced_ssd_pl2`, `enhanced_ssd_pl1`, `premium_ssd`, `enhanced_ssd_pl0`, `hp1`.
- `security_group_type` (String) Security group type. Valid values: `normal`, `enterprise`. Defaults to `normal`.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags of the resource.
- `user_data` (String) If the instance supports custom user data, you may set `user_data`.User data is transmitted unencrypted. Do not include plaintext secrets (passwords, private keys). If sensitive data is required, encrypt it, Base64-encode it, and have the instance decode and decrypt it after launch.

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the instance in ISO8601 format.
- `ehc_cluster_name` (String) Name of the EHC cluster.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `image_name` (String) Name of the image.
- `keypair_name` (String) Name of the keypair.
- `status` (String) Status of the instance. Possible values: `Creating`, `Active`, `Expired`, `Error`, `Stopping`, `Starting`, `Stopped`, `Reboot`, `Rebuild`, `Password`, `ChangeVpc`, `ChangeSubnet`, `Template`.
- `subnet_name` (String) Name of the subnet.
- `vpc_cidr` (String) CIDR block of the VPC.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID.
- `vpc_name` (String) Name of the VPC.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import baiducloud_hpas_instance.example hpas-example
```
