---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "baiducloud_mongodb_instance Resource - terraform-provider-baiducloud"
subcategory: "DocDB for MongoDB"
description: |-
  Use this resource to manage MongoDB Instance.
  More information can be found in the Developer Guide https://cloud.baidu.com/doc/MONGODB/s/Ekdgskkrk.
---

# baiducloud_mongodb_instance (Resource)

Use this resource to manage MongoDB Instance.

More information can be found in the [Developer Guide](https://cloud.baidu.com/doc/MONGODB/s/Ekdgskkrk).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "baiducloud_mongodb_instance" "example" {

  cpu_count = 2
  memory_capacity = 4
  storage = 20
  engine_version = "3.6"

  voting_member_num = 3
  readonly_node_num = 2

  name = "mongo_example"
  vpc_id = "vpc-abc123"
  subnets {
    subnet_id = "sbn-abc123"
    zone_name = "cn-bj-a"
  }
  tags = {
    TagA = "valueA"
    TagB = "valueB"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cpu_count` (Number) CPU core count. At least 1 core.
- `memory_capacity` (Number) Memory size (GB). At least 2 GB.
- `storage` (Number) Storage size (GB). At least 5 GB.

### Optional

- `account_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for root account. If not specified, it will be randomly generated. Must be 8-32 characters, including letters, numbers, and symbols(`!#$%^*()`only).
- `auto_backup_enable` (String) Auto backup status.Valid values: 'ON','OFF'.
- `auto_renew_length` (Number) The automatic renewal time (month). Effective when `payment_timing` is `Prepaid`. Valid values: `1`~`9`, `12`, `24`, `36`. Defaults to `1`.
- `enable_increment_backup` (Number) Whether incremental backup is enabled. 0: disabled; 1: enabled
- `engine_version` (String) Database version of the instance. Valid values: `3.4`, `3.6`.
- `name` (String) Name of the instance. If not specified, it will be randomly generated.
- `payment_timing` (String) Payment timing of billing. Valid values: `Prepaid`, `Postpaid`. Defaults to `Postpaid`.
- `preferred_backup_period` (Set of String) Backup period. Value reference: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday
- `preferred_backup_time` (String) Backup time. The format is HH:mmZ-HH:mmZ. The time range is limited to 1 hour.
- `readonly_node_num` (Number) Number of readonly nodes in the instance. Only effective when `voting_member_num` is set to `2` or `3`. Valid values: `0`~`5`. Defaults to `0`.
- `reservation_length` (Number) The reservation length (month) will pay. Effective when `payment_timing` is `Prepaid`. Valid values: `1`~`9`, `12`, `24`, `36`. Defaults to `1`.
- `resource_group_id` (String) Resource group id of the resource. Effective upon creation, modifications are not supported currently.
- `security_ip` (Set of String) Security ip list for instance.
- `storage_engine` (String) Storage engine of the instance. Valid values: `WiredTiger`.
- `storage_type` (String) Storage type of the instance. Valid values: `CDS_PREMIUM_SSD`, `CDS_ENHANCED_SSD`, `LOCAL_DISK`. Defaults to `CDS_PREMIUM_SSD`.
- `subnets` (Block List) Subnets of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subnets))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags of the resource. Effective upon creation, modifications are not supported currently.
- `voting_member_num` (Number) Number of voting nodes in the instance. Valid values: `1`~`3`. Defaults to `3`.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `backup_retention_period` (Number) Number of days to keep backups
- `connection_string` (String) Connection address of the instance.
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the instance.
- `expire_time` (String) Expiration time of the prepaid instance.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `port` (String) Connection port of the instance.
- `status` (String) Status of the instance. Possible values: `CREATING`, `RUNNING`, `STOPPING`, `EXPIRED`, `RESTARTING`, `STARTING`, `CLASS_CHANGING`, `NODE_RESTARTING`, `NODE_CREATING`, `NODE_CLASS_CHANGING`.

<a id="nestedblock--subnets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subnets`

Optional:

- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet.
- `zone_name` (String) Zone name of the subnet.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import baiducloud_mongodb_instance.example m-abc123
```
